Supervisor Namespace (#35)
vmware/terraform-provider-vcfa: website/docs/r/supervisor_namespace.html.markdown

---
layout: "vcfa"
page_title: "VMware Cloud Foundation Automation: vcfa_supervisor_namespace"
sidebar_current: "docs-vcfa-resource-supervisor-namespace"
description: |-

>  Provides a VMware Cloud Foundation Automation Supervisor Namespace. This can be used to create, modify, and delete Roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Provides a VMware Cloud Foundation Automation Supervisor Namespace. This can be used to create, modify, and delete Supervisor namespaces.
```

Author: Fixed.

---

# vcfa\_supervisor\_namespace

> Provides a VMware Cloud Foundation Automation Supervisor Namespace. This can be used to create, modify, and delete Roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides a VMware Cloud Foundation Automation Supervisor Namespace. This can be used to create, modify, and delete Supervisor namespaces.
```

Author: Fixed.

* `storage_classes_initial_class_config_overrides` - (Required) A set of Supervisor Namespace Storage Classes Initial Class Config Overrides. At least one is required. See [Storage Classes Initial Class Config Overridess](#storage-classes-initial-class-config-overrides) section for details
* `region_name` - (Required)Name of the Region
* `vpc_name` - (Required) Name of the VPC
* `zones_initial_class_config_overrides` - (Required) A set of Supervisor Namespace Zones Initial Class Config Overrides. At least one is required. See [Zones Initial Class Config Overrides](#zones-initial-class-config-overrides) section for details

## Attribute Reference

* `name` - The name of the Supervisor Namespace
- `phase` - Phase of the Supervisor Namespace
- `ready` - Whether the Supervisor Namespace is in a ready status or not
- `storage_classes` - A set of Supervisor Namespace Storage Classes. See [Storage Classes](#storage-classes) section for details
- `vm_classes` - A set of Supervisor Namespace VM Classes. See [VM Classes](#vm-classes) section for details
- `zones` - A set of Supervisor Namespace Zones. See [Zones](#zones) section for details

<a id="storage-classes"></a>
## Storage Classes

> The `storage_classes` is a set of metadata entries that have the following structure:

Reviewer: I see "metadata entries" in every block. Is it because it's `metadata` inside K8s YAML or is it a typo?

Reviewer 2: No, it has nothing to do with the k8s metadata. This may be a leftover when I copied and pasted from other vcd resources that contain a `metadata_entries` property. Removing all `metadata` from this file (and the resource) is better.

Author: Done.

<a id="vm-classes"></a>
## VM Classes

The `vm_classes` is a set of metadata entries that have the following structure:

* `name` - Name of the VM Class

<a id="zones"></a>
## Zones

The `zones` is a set of metadata entries that have the following structure:

* `cpu_limit_mhz` - CPU limit in MHz
* `cpu_reservation_mhz` - CPU reservation in MHz
* `memory_limit_mib` - Memory limit in MiB
* `memory_reservation_mib` - Memory reservation in MiB
* `name` - Name of the Zone

<a id="zones-initial-class-config-overrides"></a>
## Zones Initial Class Config Overrides

The `zones_initial_class_config_overrides` is a set of metadata entries that have the following structure:

* `cpu_limit_mhz` - CPU limit in MHz
* `cpu_reservation_mhz` - CPU reservation in MHz
* `memory_limit_mib` - Memory limit in MiB
* `memory_reservation_mib` - Memory reservation in MiB
* `name` - Name of the Zone

## Importing

~> **Note:** The current implementation of Terraform import can only import resources into the
state. It does not generate configuration. However, an experimental feature in Terraform 1.5+ allows
also code generation. See [Importing resources][importing-resources] for more information.

> An existing Role can be [imported][docs-import] into this resource via supplying the full dot separated path for a Role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An existing Supervisor Namespace can be [imported][docs-import] into this resource via supplying the full dot separated path for a Supervisor Namespace.
```

Author: Fixed.

> For example, using this structure, representing an existing Role that was **not** created using Terraform:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, using this structure, representing an existing Supervisor Namespace that was **not** created using Terraform:
```

Author: Fixed.
